A web-based parser

It is a simple web-based parser. There are two modules in this project, admin and user. Admin module covers all the functionalities of creating, editing, making  rss xml files for the site dynamically. He can post the contents and update them easily where user module covers all the functionalities of subscribing the rss feed and maintaining their status of reading the articles.
User can also manage his subscriptions of rss feed.


Admin Module

1.Login 
2.Creating New Rss Category and Managing
3.Adding  contents and updates to the new and old Rss Categories  and  managing
4.Creating Rss xml files for the site by choosing the contents
5.Previewing the Rss feed 
6.Logout


Login
Please enter admin name and password

                        Username: admin
                        Password : password 


After entering it goes to admin home page and says the last updated date


2.Creating and Managing Rss Categories
         
		Then, click menu Categories, it lists the current categories and their deltails, also admin can create new rss feeds


He can also create, add, edit and delete Rss categories. By clicking Rss icon
                     

         
3. Adding contents and updates to the Rss Categories 

Then, click menu Updates and select a type it lists all the articles or news under this category



In this he can create and edit the existing contents by choosing each category. Show Description button briefs the article.



4. Creating Rss Xml files
                  Then click menu Feed Creation menu. There are two ways to create Rss feed xml

		1.If you choosing “all” option in category combo
		   You can create all rss xml file for the category

		2.By choosing each category you can create rss xml file
		  This option provides option to select and deselect all the contents. By default when the new content is created it is added to its rss xml files
   

5. Previewing 
  
     It shows the preview of all rss feeds



6.Logout

       By clicking logout admin session is cleared and logged out.

    

User Module
                              

			1. Login

			2. Add new Rss

			3. Delete Rss

			4. Edit Rss

			5. View Rss updates

			6. Keeping as unread
			
			7. View all
			
			8. Log out

			9. New user 


1. Login 
	
Please enter user name and password

                        Username: user
                        Password : password 

After entering  username and password it goes to user hompage. It lists the 
user subscriptions  rss feed. He can also mange them



2.Add New Rss

   By clicking new Rss icon he can subscribe new Rss feed




3.Delete Rss

 By clicking rss delete icon he can unsubscribe




4.Edit Rss

      By clicking edit icon he can manage browser window open method
either  in the same window or in the new windows or tabs.

5. View Rss updates

By clicking on each category he can get the updates



  
                            
                 
                       
6. Keeping as unread
    
              When the user first time visits it is automatically marked as read.
If the user clicks on the check box it is marked as unread. It shows the articles always until he marks as read


7. View all
          View all option lists all the items in the rss whether it is read or unread.
      


 
8.Log out.
       By clicking logout user session is cleared


9. New User
 
                Unregistered users can also create account by clicking new user and registering themselves


